(Konohamoru)
Summoning Jutsu!
[students' gasps]
[gasps in amazement]
(Kid)
Awesome!
Just leave it to Konohamaru!
That's a perfect Summoning
Jutsu.
The reason is he's the grandson
of the Third Hokage...
...the genius ninja who was the
pride of the Hidden Leaf.
I'd go anywhere at all for you.
Just call, and I'll be
there in a jiffy!
As always, thank you, Gamagoro!
This is a great chance to ask
questions, so line up‐‐‐
[girls excited stammers]
[nervous gasps]
Uh... Please! Take turns, okay?
Don't let that flattery go to
your head, all right, Big
Bro Konohamaru?
Hey, don't mock your elders!
And don't call me "Big
Bro." When we're in
class, call me "Sensei!"
When you say it with a goofy
look like that, it's not super
convincing‐
Hey! Don't be so rude to Sensei!
Yeah, you're being way
too familiar with him!
N‐No! What I meant was‐‐
It's so embarrassing when a man
as an inferiority complex.
Really, you've
got it all wrong!
Besides, you lose hands
down when it comes to
character and to looks.
...I don't blame you
for being jealous.
It was just a joke!
[gasps]
[grunt]
Boruto!
Summoning Jutsu!
Huh...?
That jutsu won't work unless
you first sign your name in
the scroll and enter into a
contract with the animal.
[exasperated sigh]
Man, you're an idiot.
♪♪
You can't use the Summoning
Jutsu without a contract with a
Summoning Animal, a deal that
must be signed in blood.
Once you've done that, you can
summon the animal at anytime,
anywhere, right to you!
Do you understand,
Boruto Uzumaki?
So if I write my name down, I'll
be able to summon that giant
frog, too?
You're still stuck on that?
(Shino)
You can't make a
contract that easy.
The hard part's getting a
Summoning Animal to listen to
you in the first place.
Mutual trust is the most
important thing.
If there's acceptance on both
sides of the deal, then an
animal can become a very
valuable partner!
All the same, it's still too
soon for you to try summoning
an animal.
We'll begin summoning
Ninja Tools.
(students)
Impressed gasps.
[sigh] We're starting
with that?
What do you say, Namida?
Good thing we didn't
start with frogs, huh?
Mhm! I really can't stand
touching frogs at all!
Aren't Summoning Animals usually
slimy and seriously creepy?
Reptiles aren't the only
Summoning Animals around.
There are monkeys, like Lord
Third's or dogs like Lord
Sixth's!
Hmm... Yeah, I'm pretty sure
that my mom summoned a weasel
once.
I wouldn't mind a dog.
A cat'd be nice, too!
Yeah, any animal that's cute
would be better, right?
Oh, come on! A Summoning Animal
isn't like some kind of a pet!
Who cares what it looks like?!
Yeah! If it's strong,
then it can be ugly.
Oh, I know! How about a snake?
'Cause they're cool, and they
seem really strong, too!
What I want is a scorpion!
Nope! Pick a gorilla for power!
If you want to creep out an
enemy based on looks, how
about a spider?
Come on, really?
Bugs and snakes?
Ugh, boys are just so
childish at this age...
Gimme a break. There's no point
in summoning an animal that's
weak.
Maybe, but we're in an age where
looking stylish and cool counts,
too.
You should talk. No one's
further from stylish n'
cool than you, Chubs.
Whatever! I may be a little bit
chubby, but my moves are totally
stylish and cool.
All of you! Begin your Ninja
Tool summoning train‐‐
Oh, hey! Next time, all of us
should summon a giant animal
together. Huh?!
Hey, that sounds
pretty awesome!
You really think
we can do it?
(Sarada)
Don't try anything stupid.
Whenever you guys do stupid
stuff, we just end up getting
lumped in along with you.
We don't do stupid things, ya
know! What's your deal?
Of course you do! You cause
trouble nearly every single
time!
That's why all of the other
students are always saying that
our class is the one that's full
of problem kids.
Is that true?
I heard rumors...
...One of us destroyed a
Hokage's Great Stone Face
on day one...
... and we had that incident
in the training hall...
I gotta say our class
does stand out...
And you guys broke the
shuriken target, didn't you?
Plus, when it's time to clean
up, you're always playing, so
all of us end up having to do
most of the work!
Yeah, come to think of
it, you're always causing
trouble for us!
It's not like you girls
are totally innocent.
You're always gossiping on about
something and wasting your lives
on silliness.
Oh, please! Our "girl talk" is
different than the vulgar things
that you boys are always talking
about!
Man, what a drag! We say one
thing, you say another.
Okay, whatever. Just don't
do anything childish.
How are we childish?
What's that mean?!
Just like that! Getting all
riled up is childish!
What was that?!
Humph!
All right! That's enough!
Now, listen, you guys... Don't
forget that we're still in
class right now!
‐Humph!
[weary sigh]
[grunt]
Even in this era, there are so
many who're eager to become
ninja.
And they have so
much energy!
Almost too much energy,
if you ask me!
Well, from what I've heard‐ and
remember‐your generation was
full of rivalry and competition.
Sasuke, Sakura, Shikamaru
And Lord Seventh, too. You all
left your mark for posterity
The determination of not wanting
to lose matures a person.
Yes, I see...
(Inojin)
Hey... you and Sarada were
childhood friends, right?
What?! Really?!
Our parents are just friends
from way back when. There's
nothing more to it than that.
It's not like we actually like
each other, you know?
Your relationship with her sure
seems like a real drag.
Look, forget about that, all
right?! Let's just go eat!
(Boruto / Sarada)
A yakisoba bun please!
[groans]
(Both)
Please, ma'am!
A yakisoba bun!
[groans]
Sorry! But I'm afraid that I
only have one left!
I always get a yakisoba bun from
here every time they have them,
ya know.
Yeah, I'm well aware of
that, believe me‐because
you always smell like them.
Well, since you know
that, this bun‐
is mine, and that's that.
How does that make
any kind of sense?!
It's simple! Since you always
eat them, all the more reason
to try a different one.
Not gonna happen! Next to
hamburgers, the yakisoba bun
here is my favorite!
I just don't feel right
unless I eat one, you know?
To be honest, since you're
always causing trouble, maybe
it's better if you "don't feel
right" for a change.
But besides all that, ever since
I heard this bun was good, I've
been dying to try it!
Um, ma'am? It seems like you
sold out of these buns really
quickly today. How come?
Yeah, you're right. There are
usually a lot more left.
Oh, earlier, a very hungry
customer came by and bought
most of them.
Hold on. That means...
(Cho‐Cho)
Sarada...
What?! Aw, come on, did
you buy them all, Cho‐Cho?!
It's only fair that you share
a couple of those with us.
I can't. I have to eat
this much after class or
I'm just not myself.
[munch]
Doesn't seem too efficient...
(Cho‐Cho)
When you live as passionately as
I do, you expend a whole lot of
calories!
(Lunch Lady)
There you go! Thanks so much!
Huh? Hey! Come on!
Drop that bun!
Sorry! Snooze, you lose.
Look, that last yakisoba
bun is mine!
Normally, a gentleman would
agree to defer to a lady.
Yeah, well, maybe if
you were a "Lady".
What is that
supposed to mean!?
Whattaya think?!
[groans]
(Wasabi)
What happened? Did a
boy do something again?
This the same thing as before?
[whimper] Please
don't fight, you guys!
[gasp]
No! It's okay. We're all on
edge after what happened this
morning.
I say that we just let 'em have
it out. It'll clear the air.
Right, Boruto?
[freaked out] Oh,
what should we do?
Stop right there!
Sensei!
[grunt]
It's forbidden for Academy
students to fight!
[sigh] Thanks, Sensei!
However, The determination not
to lose is part of what helps
shinobi mature.
[gasp]
After class I'll prepare a
battleground for you.
What!?
The both of you, fight with all
your passion... and settle
this once and for all!
[school chimes]
There's only one rule: You start
from here and the first one to
grab the flag on top of the main
building wins.
The losers have to do whatever
the winners say. Got it?
(All)
Yeah!
All right! Ready... Begin!
[panting]
Just leave this one to me!
Earth Style: Mud Wall!
[gasps]
Now! Go! Hurry!
[panting]
Iwabe Yuino: He was a problem,
but lately his true
nature‐determined and
tenacious‐is coming through.
He's progressing well.
Hey, thanks, Iwabe!
Sure!
[crash]
Huh? Argh!!
Aw man, I hate exerting myself
when I don't have to...
(Shino)
Cho‐Cho Akimichi. She's hard to
motivate, but she definitely has
ability.
...Well... this'll be
interesting...
Wait, hold on!
What a drag! Shadow
Paralysis Jutsu!
(Shino)
Shikadai Nara. He's mastered the
Shadow User Jutsu passed on by
his father.
I only did this because the
other asked...
(Shino)
Now, can he sustain it?
What's going on!?
[students coughing]
Oh, and I forgot to mention.
I've laid a few traps throughout
the school grounds.
What?!
The reason is to heighten the
tension as much as possible.
Eventually, you'll all be
working in three‐man teams.
This training will come in handy
to teach you‐‐ Uh...
[panting]
Damn it! What is Shino Sensei
thinking with all of this stuff,
anyway?!
At this rate, the school is
gonna get destroyed!
A lot of the others have
already dropped out.
Looks like we're the only ones
left on the boys' team.
(Shino)
Metal Lee. He always gives
everything his all.
But regretfully, he's lacking.
I‐ I will r‐right here
Metal, are you okay?
Oh, uh... Of course!
(Shino)
in mental resilience
Sarada Uchiha. Top of the
class in shuriken jutsu.
[screams]
(Shino)
She's got the Uchiha blood
[scream]
[small cry]
(Shikadai)
There's no real need for us to
push ourselves and go inside the
building...
All we have to do is get
to the rooftop.
[grunt]
It's a new electronic lock.
Leave it to me.
Can you do it?
Yup, With these models, I just
have to hack into the system,
and.
(Boruto)
Alright!
Wow, that was awesome, Denki!
[chuckle]
We'd better hurry!
No! Hold on!
I just had a really good idea...
[grunt]
[gasps]
Is this another one
of Sensei's traps?!
So what do we do?!
Ugh, dammit.
Ninja Art: Super Beast Scroll!
[horrified screams]
That's how you hurt opponents
without dirtying your hands, am
I right, Shikadai?
Say it like that, and people
will take it the wrong way...
[waterfall]
[screaming]
Just calm down, all of you!
Stop it!
What is this thing!?
Uh oh...
I still can't seem to get it to
work like my Dad's
does...
Now's the time.
[gasps]
Did you guys seriously believe
that you could get away from us?
They split up!
Leave it to the girls to think
of cutting us off.
C'mon, let's just charge them!
[freaked out gasp]
[screaming]
[grunt]
[grunt] Ha! Uh! Denki!
Come on, man!
Just forget about me,
you guys! Go on!
I'll save you‐‐!
Watch out!
I leave the rest... to you!
(Shikadai)
There's no way we can
win like this.
(Boruto)
I won't let everyone's
deaths be in vain!
But... no one's died...
So, what now!?
We can't go through the
building. We can't defeat that
many girls.
But if they're inside the
building... We'll reach the
rooftop from the outside.
Do you mean use the
emergency stairway?
No, we can't open it from the
outside without Denki.
Inojin, can you use your
Super Beast Scroll?
Eh, I don't think so.
I see..
Okay... Boruto. Inojin and I
will be decoys, while you get to
the rooftop from the outside.
Just leave it to me, ya know!
But even if he makes it
to the roof, how will he
fight off all the girls?
You think Shadow
Clones will be enough?
All right, then... I'll use
Summoning Jutsu.
There should be some scrolls
inside this prep room...
(Shikadai)
Summoning's impossible!
We can't summon anything
good at our level.
But we still have to
try, don't we?
Look, don't worry! Even I summon
a small frog, it'll still freak
them all out.
[sigh] All right, let's
get this plan started.
(Sarada)
Well?
(Namida)
It's no good. It's
really solid!
(Wasabi)
The stairway's just
beyond this gate!
[grunt]
Should we just blow it up?
I don't think we should damage
the school any further...
[sigh]
(Boruto)
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
[gasp]
Boruto!?
[girls freaked out cries]
Yes1
Boruto's outside! He'll
get the flag first!
Look, let's just do it!
Seriously?
[crash]
[grunt]
[grunting]
Oh, no you don't!
Summoning Jutsu!
[gasp]
He really did it!
Whoa, it worked?!
[scream]
Cho‐Cho!
[gasp]
[gasp
You guys...
What happened to "stylish
and cool?!"
[distant roar]
Boruto! That's a huge snake! I
think you overdid it
(Boruto)
That's not...
[low growl]
(Boruto)
What is that thing?
[gasps]
Not good!
Rasengan!
[explosion]
[grunts]
It's gone...
[gasp]
Oh good, we're saved...
I'm tired...
And I'm hungry...
Hey, whatever
happened to the flag?
It probably blew up with
everything else.
[gasps]
(Boruto)
Oh, never mind...
[nervous gasp]
(Inojin)
Anyway, that was a huge snake
you summoned, Boruto.
(Boruto)
Yeah, about that...
the thing is‐‐
(Sarada)
You guys... You sure are
idiots. There's no doubt.
I'm really sorry, Cho‐Cho.
I didn't mean to put you in
danger.
There wasn't a rule that said
Summonings were supposed to be
prohibited, so
I guess it's okay, really...
I'm assuming that you have no
complaints that we won, right?
No... we'll do whatever
you tell us to do...
Well, we have no choice.
It's really a drag, though...
(Sarada)
Thank you.
Huh?
Since you saved me, we're just
gonna take a raincheck on the
prize from this competition.
You did manage to get Cho‐Cho
out of a bad situation.
Yeah, for real. You guys might
not be up to my standards yet...
...but I'll deem you guys
acceptable, just this one time.
You girls were really
strong competitors.
Well, I guess... that our class
is pretty high‐level, huh?
(Shino)
Boruto's right!
Huh?
I believe that in time, you'll
all become yakisoba buns.
Yakisoba and bread...
They each taste good by
themselves...
But then... when combined into
a yakisoba bun... they're even
better!
In other words...
If you can learn to work
together... you can take on even
the strongest opponents, that
it??
Exactly.
Seriously?! Why didn't you just
say that right from the start?
What a weird analogy, dude.
But, hey! Great attempt at that
food metaphor. A for effort!
[laughing]
Ugh, I'm practically starving!
Let's go somewhere on the way
home.
Oh! How about we go try
the new hamburger that they're
introducing today?
Sure, sounds good.
(Shino)
Wait!
Huh?
Before that, you
need to clean up...
[thunderous crash]
[students' gasps]
I guess that you'll be having
class outside for a while.
(Thinking)
But still That monster earlier.
How could Boruto summon that
thing with the amount of chakra
he has?
[gasp]
♪♪
(Iwabe)
What's going on?
Someone's on a rampage!
First thing in the morning!?
(Shikadai)
Man, what a drag.
(Boruto)
It's just like that
time with Metal!
(Shikadai)
Just leave it alone. The adults
will take care of this guy soon
enough.
(Boruto)
It's happening again! Hold
on...! Who are you?!
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "The Mysterious
Transfer Student!"
(Mitsuki)
I don't really care either way.
But this town is so rowdy.
♪♪